yo yo yo guys welcome back today I'm
going to be talking to you guys about
what is going on with me and buttered
chickens before we start this video
please check out my GTA 5 modded
accounts giveaway on my previous video
so to begin with this video guys me and
butter chickens are sadly no longer
partners this is because Benjamin the
owner of butter chickens might used to
be partner sold the channel to a kid
whom I do not know but my biggest
concern isn't that I lost my good friend
partner the concern here is that this
kid now owns butter chickens and what he
did was that he copied my banner and my
logo that my designer Mara from Mara
likes are designed so I would appreciate
it if you guys support me on this by
doing these steps on the screen so what
my goal is right now is to report his
channel for both channel icon and
channel art since my designer is very
disappointed with this and so am I guys
I'm not trying to get his channel taken
down but just for him not to use my logo
that my designer and I took a very long
time to actually create and then this
kid comes around out of nowhere to
basically steal it would mean so much
for all our subscribers and people
watching this video to report butter
chickens channel 4 channel icon and
channel art or GTA 5 Services website
will be below in the description so you
guys can check it out remember guys that
PSN is down so if you have a service
that needs to be done that is probably
why the service has not been done
because i can actually not get online
and do the service also make sure to
follow us on twitter for all updates and
when we host random money lobbies on PSN
i'm happy i got to share this video with
you guys you want our GTA 5 crew mayo
chickens to play with some pretty cool
people we already hit 1000 members so
make sure once we lose one member to
join it guys and thanks for watching and
thanks for all the support guys once
more guys I am doing this because he
literally just stole my logo and now
he's using it exactly like mine well
anyways as always don't forget to stay
white and creamy